Add HTTP source examples to sideload (#2043)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/kapacitor/v1.5/nodes/sideload_node.md

### Source

Define the source of the data. The following sources are supported:

- a **file URI** (`file://`)
- a **URL** (`http://`)
- an **endpoint name**. Use a plain string (without `file://` or `http://`) to ensure the source is interpreted as an endpoint in the `[[httpost]]` section in the Kapacitor configuration.

#### Source examples
##### File source

```js
|sideload()
  .source('file:///path/to/dir')
  .order('host/{{.host}}.yml', 'hostgroup/{{.hostgroup}}.yml')
  .field('cpu_threshold', 0.0)
  .tag('foo', 'unknown')
```
##### URL source

```js
|sideload()
  .source('http://localhost:5000/threshold/')
  .order('host/{{.host}}.yml', 'hostgroup/{{.hostgroup}}.yml')
  .field('cpu_threshold', 0.0)
  .tag('foo', 'unknown')
```

##### Endpoint source

```js
|sideload()
  .source('host1')
  .order('host/{{.host}}.yml', 'hostgroup/{{.hostgroup}}.yml')
  .field('cpu_threshold', 0.0)
  .tag('foo', 'unknown')
```

{{% note %}}

> A source defined as a **URL** or **endpoint** is loaded once as an HTTP GET when a task is enabled, and then on subsequent calls to the `/sideload/reload` endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kapacitor loads **URL** or **endpoint** sources once using an HTTP `GET` requests when a task is enabled, and then on subsequent calls to the `/sideload/reload` endpoint.
```

{{% /note %}}

> An HTTP source endpoint should return a JSON where each property is a key name specified in the order statement and its value is an object with a set of key/value pairs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An HTTP source endpoint should return a JSON object where each property is a key name specified in the order statement and its value is an object with a set of key-value pairs.
```

We probably need to decide how we want to format "key-value." Is it "key/value" or "key-value". Either way, it should be the same in all the docs.

Author: agree, key-value works

```js

{
"host1": {
"cpu_threshold": 99.9,
"disable": "false"
},
"host2": {
"cpu_threshold": 85,
"disable": "true"
},
"host3": {
"cpu_threshold": 56,
"disable": "false"
}
}

> ```

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
```js
{
    "host1": {
        "cpu_threshold": 99.9,
        "disable": "false"
    },
    "host2": {
        "cpu_threshold": 85,
        "disable": "true"
    },
    "host3": {
        "cpu_threshold": 56,
        "disable": "false"
    }
}
```
~~~

> <a class="top" href="javascript:document.getElementsByClassName('article-heading')[0].scrollIntoView();" title="top"><span class="icon arrow-up"></span></a>

Reviewer: These don't work anymore and should probably be removed.

Author: Appears we have 3453 occurrences in 69 files

### Source

<<<<<<< HEAD
Define the source of the data. The following sources are supported:
=======
Source for the data, for example `file://` or `http://`.

> >>>>>>> master

Reviewer 2: Bad merge.
